README.md, before:

## Hi there 👋

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I'm currently a Master's student at IZTECH Computer Engineering Department
- 🌱 I'm looking to collaborate on cryptography, machine learning, deep learning, and compiler projects
- 👯 My main interests are machine learning, deep learning, natural language processing, agentic AI, cryptography, software design, and object-oriented analysis
- 🤔 I like playing games (especially the fun of PlayStation, I've been playing series since I was 4 years old)
- 💬 You can ask me about ...
- 📫 You can reach me via: gokaygulsoy144@gmail.com

-->
# 💫 About Me:
I'm currently a Master's student at IZTECH Computer Engineering Department<br>I'm looking to collaborate on cryptography and machine learning projects<br>My main interests are machine learning, deep learning, natural language proccessing, agentic AI, software design and object-oriented analysis<br>I like playing games (especially fun of Playstation, I've been playing series since I was 4 years old)<br>


## 🌐 Socials:
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/https://www.linkedin.com/in/gokay-gulsoy-087a031b3?lipi=urn%3Ali%3Apage%3Ad_flagship3_profile_view_base_contact_details%3BdQEdGcI1S4uT3lzSUO%2Fu5g%3D%3D) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:gokaygulsoy144@gmail.com) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=flat&logo=c&logoColor=white) ![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=flat&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=flat&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=flat&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=flat&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white) ![LaTeX](https://img.shields.io/badge/latex-%23008080.svg?style=flat&logo=latex&logoColor=white) ![Bash Script](https://img.shields.io/badge/bash_script-%23121011.svg?style=flat&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/rust-%23000000.svg?style=flat&logo=rust&logoColor=white) ![Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/markdown-%23000000.svg?style=flat&logo=markdown&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/c%23-%23239120.svg?style=flat&logo=csharp&logoColor=white) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=flat&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![nVIDIA](https://img.shields.io/badge/cuda-000000.svg?style=flat&logo=nVIDIA&logoColor=green) ![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/django-%23092E20.svg?style=flat&logo=django&logoColor=white) ![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-005571?style=flat&logo=fastapi) ![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/flask-%23000.svg?style=flat&logo=flask&logoColor=white) ![JavaFX](https://img.shields.io/badge/javafx-%23FF0000.svg?style=flat&logo=javafx&logoColor=white) ![Jinja](https://img.shields.io/badge/jinja-white.svg?style=flat&logo=jinja&logoColor=black) ![JWT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JWT-black?style=flat&logo=JSON%20web%20tokens) ![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=flat&logo=next.js&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=flat&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Spring](https://img.shields.io/badge/spring-%236DB33F.svg?style=flat&logo=spring&logoColor=white) ![Streamlit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Streamlit-%23FE4B4B.svg?style=flat&logo=streamlit&logoColor=white) ![Apache Tomcat](https://img.shields.io/badge/apache%20tomcat-%23F8DC75.svg?style=flat&logo=apache-tomcat&logoColor=black) ![Apache Maven](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apache%20Maven-C71A36?style=flat&logo=Apache%20Maven&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=flat&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/sqlite-%2307405e.svg?style=flat&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white) ![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=flat&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=flat&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/numpy-%23013243.svg?style=flat&logo=numpy&logoColor=white) ![Scipy](https://img.shields.io/badge/SciPy-%230C55A5.svg?style=flat&logo=scipy&logoColor=%white) ![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-%23F7931E.svg?style=flat&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white) ![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-%23FF6F00.svg?style=flat&logo=TensorFlow&logoColor=white) ![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-%23150458.svg?style=flat&logo=pandas&logoColor=white) ![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-%23EE4C2C.svg?style=flat&logo=PyTorch&logoColor=white) ![Keras](https://img.shields.io/badge/Keras-%23D00000.svg?style=flat&logo=Keras&logoColor=white) ![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-%23ffffff.svg?style=flat&logo=Matplotlib&logoColor=black) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![GitLab](https://img.shields.io/badge/gitlab-%23181717.svg?style=flat&logo=gitlab&logoColor=white) ![Testing-Library](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TestingLibrary-%23E33332?style=flat&logo=testing-library&logoColor=white) ![CMake](https://img.shields.io/badge/CMake-%23008FBA.svg?style=flat&logo=cmake&logoColor=white) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=flat&logo=docker&logoColor=white) ![ESLint](https://img.shields.io/badge/ESLint-4B3263?style=flat&logo=eslint&logoColor=white) ![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=flat&logo=postman&logoColor=white) ![Prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/prettier-%23F7B93E.svg?style=flat&logo=prettier&logoColor=black) ![Swagger](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Swagger-%23Clojure?style=flat&logo=swagger&logoColor=white) ![nVIDIA](https://img.shields.io/badge/nVIDIA-%2376B900.svg?style=flat&logo=nVIDIA&logoColor=white)

# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=GokayGulsoy&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=GokayGulsoy&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=GokayGulsoy&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=false&layout=compact)

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
![](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=GokayGulsoy&theme=radical&no-frame=false&no-bg=true&margin-w=4)

### 🔝 Top Contributed Repo
![](https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=GokayGulsoy&limit=5&theme=dark&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=GokayGulsoy&icon=3&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

Commit message:

Revise README with updated personal information
Updated personal introduction and interests in README.

README.md, after:

## Hi there It's me Gökay👋

- 🔭 I'm currently a Master's student at IZTECH Computer Engineering Department
- 🌱 I'm looking to collaborate on cryptography, machine learning, deep learning, and compiler projects
- 👯 My main interests are machine learning, deep learning, natural language processing, agentic AI, cryptography, software design, and object-oriented analysis
- 🤔 I like playing games (especially the fun of PlayStation, I've been playing series since I was 4 years old)
- 💬 You can ask me about Academic Writing with LaTex, I'd be happy to help you as much as I can for you academic deeds
- 📫 You can reach me via: gokaygulsoy144@gmail.com

# 💫 About Me:
I'm currently a Master's student at IZTECH Computer Engineering Department<br>I'm looking to collaborate on cryptography and machine learning projects<br>My main interests are machine learning, deep learning, natural language proccessing, agentic AI, software design and object-oriented analysis<br>I like playing games (especially fun of Playstation, I've been playing series since I was 4 years old)<br>


## 🌐 Socials:
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/https://www.linkedin.com/in/gokay-gulsoy-087a031b3?lipi=urn%3Ali%3Apage%3Ad_flagship3_profile_view_base_contact_details%3BdQEdGcI1S4uT3lzSUO%2Fu5g%3D%3D) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:gokaygulsoy144@gmail.com) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=flat&logo=c&logoColor=white) ![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=flat&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=flat&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=flat&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=flat&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white) ![LaTeX](https://img.shields.io/badge/latex-%23008080.svg?style=flat&logo=latex&logoColor=white) ![Bash Script](https://img.shields.io/badge/bash_script-%23121011.svg?style=flat&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/rust-%23000000.svg?style=flat&logo=rust&logoColor=white) ![Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/markdown-%23000000.svg?style=flat&logo=markdown&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/c%23-%23239120.svg?style=flat&logo=csharp&logoColor=white) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=flat&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![nVIDIA](https://img.shields.io/badge/cuda-000000.svg?style=flat&logo=nVIDIA&logoColor=green) ![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/django-%23092E20.svg?style=flat&logo=django&logoColor=white) ![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-005571?style=flat&logo=fastapi) ![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/flask-%23000.svg?style=flat&logo=flask&logoColor=white) ![JavaFX](https://img.shields.io/badge/javafx-%23FF0000.svg?style=flat&logo=javafx&logoColor=white) ![Jinja](https://img.shields.io/badge/jinja-white.svg?style=flat&logo=jinja&logoColor=black) ![JWT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JWT-black?style=flat&logo=JSON%20web%20tokens) ![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=flat&logo=next.js&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=flat&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Spring](https://img.shields.io/badge/spring-%236DB33F.svg?style=flat&logo=spring&logoColor=white) ![Streamlit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Streamlit-%23FE4B4B.svg?style=flat&logo=streamlit&logoColor=white) ![Apache Tomcat](https://img.shields.io/badge/apache%20tomcat-%23F8DC75.svg?style=flat&logo=apache-tomcat&logoColor=black) ![Apache Maven](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apache%20Maven-C71A36?style=flat&logo=Apache%20Maven&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=flat&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/sqlite-%2307405e.svg?style=flat&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white) ![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=flat&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=flat&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/numpy-%23013243.svg?style=flat&logo=numpy&logoColor=white) ![Scipy](https://img.shields.io/badge/SciPy-%230C55A5.svg?style=flat&logo=scipy&logoColor=%white) ![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-%23F7931E.svg?style=flat&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white) ![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-%23FF6F00.svg?style=flat&logo=TensorFlow&logoColor=white) ![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-%23150458.svg?style=flat&logo=pandas&logoColor=white) ![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-%23EE4C2C.svg?style=flat&logo=PyTorch&logoColor=white) ![Keras](https://img.shields.io/badge/Keras-%23D00000.svg?style=flat&logo=Keras&logoColor=white) ![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-%23ffffff.svg?style=flat&logo=Matplotlib&logoColor=black) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![GitLab](https://img.shields.io/badge/gitlab-%23181717.svg?style=flat&logo=gitlab&logoColor=white) ![Testing-Library](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TestingLibrary-%23E33332?style=flat&logo=testing-library&logoColor=white) ![CMake](https://img.shields.io/badge/CMake-%23008FBA.svg?style=flat&logo=cmake&logoColor=white) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=flat&logo=docker&logoColor=white) ![ESLint](https://img.shields.io/badge/ESLint-4B3263?style=flat&logo=eslint&logoColor=white) ![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=flat&logo=postman&logoColor=white) ![Prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/prettier-%23F7B93E.svg?style=flat&logo=prettier&logoColor=black) ![Swagger](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Swagger-%23Clojure?style=flat&logo=swagger&logoColor=white) ![nVIDIA](https://img.shields.io/badge/nVIDIA-%2376B900.svg?style=flat&logo=nVIDIA&logoColor=white)

# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=GokayGulsoy&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=GokayGulsoy&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=GokayGulsoy&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=false&layout=compact)

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
![](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=GokayGulsoy&theme=radical&no-frame=false&no-bg=true&margin-w=4)

### 🔝 Top Contributed Repo
![](https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=GokayGulsoy&limit=5&theme=dark&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=GokayGulsoy&icon=3&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
